Batman
Song by

LPB Poody

WeMakeBangerz
JBFlyBoi (ayy, look, oh, baby)

No, I can't be your Batman 'cause I be robbin' (I be robbin')
I'on want no lap dance, bitch, give me noggin' (bitch, give me noggin')
Why you laughing and playing? Hoe, get from 'round me (get from 'round me)
You know I am the man Mr. Miyagi (Mr. Mi-, what?)
Yeah, I got hoes from Japan, they call me papi ('cross the country)
I beat that pussy so good and leave it throbbing (leave it, uh)
'Cause I be slanging this wood, they wanna chop it (I swear)
No, I can't cuff on lil' shawty, don't do no coppin'

You'll think it's 808 the way this beat knocking
Florida boy shit, when they hear it they go to bopping (ayy)
She a lunch lady 'cause the joe she give is sloppy (I swear)
Stuffing dick all in her ribs and she keep begging me to stop it
They waiting for my mixtape, they telling me to drop it (c'mon)
But I gotta get my shit straight before I drop it

I be cutting up, might pull the plug right out the socket (right out the socket)
I cut 'em like some paper with these scissors then I rock it (then I rock it)
Now I got the key to the city so I'ma lock it (so I'ma lock it)
You stressed out, you just worry 'bout how I got it (how I got it)

I keep hunnids and fifties all in my profit (all in my profit)
My life a movie, it's just sad you gotta watch it (you gotta watch)
Reach inside my pants and pull these bands out my pocket
I'ma make a mess in the city, they gotta mop it
Automatic stick come with titties, ain't gotta cock it
Glock got a dick, see a pussy I'ma pop it

No, I can't be your Batman 'cause I be robbin' ('cause I be robbin')
I'on want no lap dance, bitch, give me noggin' (bitch, give me noggin')
Why you laughing and playing? Hoe, get from 'round me (get from 'round me)
You know I am the man Mr. Miyagi (Mr. Mi-, what?)
Yeah, I got hoes from Japan, they call me papi ('cross the country)
I beat that pussy so good and leave it throbbing (leave it, uh)
'Cause I be slanging this wood, they wanna chop it (I swear)
No, I can't cuff on lil' shawty, don't do no coppin' (ayy, look)

She gon' keep her hands in my pants 'cause she a freak (she a what?)
I told her that I'm celibate, ain't fuck in 'bout a week (I lied)
Sike, bitch, I lied, you can ride me to this beat (to this beat)
I hit her in a Benz, we fuckin' all in the street (all in the street)
She told me to recline, so I had to let back the seats (let back the seats)
Pull out and she suck it, I nut all over her mink (all on her)
It's gon' be so hard to see when she open and blink (I'm talking 'bout, yeah)
Like Halloween, I just tricked her outta her treat (I'm talking 'bout)

No, I can't be your Batman 'cause I be robbin' ('cause I be robbin')
I'on want no lap dance, bitch, give me noggin' (bitch, give me noggin')
Why you laughing and playing? Hoe, get from 'round me (get from 'round me)
You know I am the man Mr. Miyagi (Mr. Mi-, what?)
Yeah, I got hoes from Japan, they call me papi (they call me)
I beat that pussy so good and leave it throbbing (and leave it, uh)
'Cause I be slanging this wood, they wanna chop it (I'm talking 'bout)
No, I can't cuff on lil' shawty, don't do no coppin' (uh-uh, uh-uh)
